#Models
What is our user repeat rate?
Repeat Rate = Users who purchased 2 or more times / users who purchased

SELECT (
    SELECT COUNT(DISTINCT USER_ID) FROM ORDERS HAVING COUNT(DISTINCT ORDER_ID) >= 2
) 
    / (
        SELECT COUNT(USER_ID) FROM ORDERS HAVING COUNT(DISTINCT ORDER_ID) > 0 
    ) as RATE;

    ~0.34

What are good indicators of a user who will likely purchase again? What about indicators of users who are likely NOT to purchase again? 
If you had more data, what features would you want to look into to answer this question?
NOTE: This is a hypothetical question vs. something we can analyze in our Greenery data set. Think about what exploratory analysis you would 
do to approach this question.

Some good indicators would site visit rate, how long someone spends on the website, whether or not they added something to the cart if they 
didn't check out, how often they visit the site after each visit, do site views match with promos. Indicators of someone who is not likely 
to purchase again is a bit harder - perhaps if they've left a review or not (only those with strong opinions may review), how long the order
 took to be placed and delivered.

#MART
Explain the marts models you added. Why did you organize the models in the way you did?

I am submitting this project late, so for the sake of time, I've only created a simple intermediate model consisting of a join and then build 
a dim_user table off of that, joining another. In the future, I'd like to build out some more metrics that provide more insight like a fact table
 for users and orders to calculate lifetime spend and order volume. Perhaps, a delivery table to measure how our delivery partners are succeeding
 given our and our customer's delivery expectations.

#Tests
I understand how to use the pre-mdae tests in debt and have run the 'unique' and 'null' tests on my marts model. I did not run into any issues nor
did I produce any tests of my own. The question does imply that a test should have failed so that it can be corrected - what am I missing to find this
error?

#dbt Snapshots
Which orders changed from week 1 to week 2?

SELECT * FROM ORDERS_SNAPSHOT
I am unable to answer because I had configured the snapshot incorrectly last week and have corrected it this week.